hey what up everybody it's your homegirl
and I'm back in my house of everybody
going to that I spend so long you guys
I'm so sorry it's just that I've been
really really busy with everything like
I mean I really haven't had a chance to
you know put anything new up or anything
um so I apologize but I hope everybody
is doing really good and safe I got a
lot of new drama to tell you guys and
fill you guys in on what Raul and his
sister saying something is coming stuff
but I gotta make a different blog for
that otherwise you know this is gonna be
way too long but um I thought I was
still today cuz I gotta do something a
little bit different than the normal um
I gotta take a stupid salsa lesson today
and don't get me wrong I'm not saying
salsa stupid or anything but seriously
like that is not loca
you guys know that I love to dance and
stuff but come on you guys that is not
my style so I don't know my parents want
me to learning for some stupid wedding
that they have to go to him because they
gotta go to it I got his be up in the
heat stuff burning up in this house
trying to learn some dance that I don't
even care about whatever just parents
for you though I guess but um what
happened was there this guy some money
he's a really good friend of our
families and we've known him you know
for ever's but they lent him some money
and we can't really paid them back so
what he agreed to was to give me dance
lessons because yeah he works out a
little dance studio over here and so he
made an agreement with my parents that
he would give me free like personal
lessons whatever instead of paying them
back so I guess look I've gotta do a
lock I've gotta do even though I'm not
too excited about it because this pool
like seriously sitting in somewhere like
we did not take very well
this pool is always telling about me
telling me that I look like a boy who
stuff and telling me that I need to go
and get my nails done and they're you
know he's only trying to like fix my
makeup and stuff and I don't know so
this thing's probably gonna be No
damn picnic in the park with him but
here goes nothing you guys and what off
you guys it's a rocket and her stop
started this is my little teacher over
here thing somewhere say hi to everybody
my name is Sam mean thank you very much
somewhere let's remember the Latino
you're so American East Aurora
the different call me Sammy now oh hello
Deon acidophilus bother me mama me
Popeye por supuesto
I went hot like this all the time Open
Sesame
haha III this is my style
original style I originated this car I
always wear this
today's be you know be together like you
very kindly go and you got a good
shoulder you know your hand needle like
mama where's Emma - Teresa mercy
yeah okay for more content
how's it happen with a post rate try to
rip my earring